Daleks  
v1.2
10/13/98

Programmed by Eagle Berns, Roger Lawrence, and Keithen
IndiVideo
www.individeo.net

INSTRUCTIONS:

This version of the classic game of "Daleks" is played on a 
16 by 14 grid.  You are "Dr. Who" and are trying to avoid the 
robot Daleks which, on each move, take exactly one step toward 
you.  You move one square at a time into any of the adjacent 8 
squares.  Your only defensive weapon is a sonic screwdriver 
(The button at the top of the screen).  Once, per level, you 
may hit this button and any daleks in the adjacent 8 squares 
are vaporized. Your second line of defense is the stupidity of 
the Daleks.  In their desire to destroy you, they pay no 
attention to anything else, and will crash into one another 
and will turn into a radioactive heap.  Anything landing on 
these heaps (including you or other Daleks) will be destroyed.  
Your objective then, is to destroy all Daleks on each level.  
Once done, you are promoted to the next level where there are 
more Daleks.  Stay alive as long as you can.  Your score (in 
Dalek-Kills) is recorded at the top of the screen, and the top 
10 high scores are recorded.  You move your player by hitting 
an adjacent square (Actually, hitting anywhere on the play 
field will move you to the closest adjacent square to where 
you are.)  You may also TELEPORT to a random location by hitting 
the teleport button, or  it is easier to just tap the graffiti 
pad.  However, the Daleks will move immediately after you land, 
and so it is possible to be destroyed when you do so. TELEPORT
and SONICSCREWDRIVER also exist as menu options. Also, in the
menu you may start a new game and may view the current high scores.
One final menu Item is the "Last Stand".  When the only thing 
remaining to do on a level is just stand there until all Daleks 
collide, you may alternatively hit the last stand item and the game
will auto-play to the end of the level. GOOD LUCK!

Distribution and registration thru:
PalmPilot Gear HQ
www.pilotgear.com
sales: 800 741-9070
fax: 817 461-3482
