Railroad Solitaire
by Tinyware, Inc.
Copyright 2000 Tinyware, Inc.
http://www.eskimo.com/~scottlu
scottlu@eskimo.com

Welcome to Railroad Solitaire!

Railroad is a form of solitaire also known as Russian Solitaire, one of
the most challenging types of solitaire available. The object is
to increase your score over time. Every time you deal, your score goes down 52
points. Every time you move a card to the foundation stacks, your score
increases by 10. It's challenging and addictive!

How to register

This software is shareware. The demo version can be played for 30 days,
after which it will cease to function. Registration is $10 and entitles
you to free future updates. You can register at:

http://www.eskimo.com/~scottlu

Instructions

Full instructions for playing the challenging and highly addictive game
of Railroad Solitaire can be found within the game itself! After starting
the game, tap on the menu silkscreen button just to the left of the
graffiti area. Then tap on the About... command. In the upper right of
the About... form you'll see a little 'i', which stands for "info". Tap
on that to get full instructions. The instructions are reproduced here
for convenience.

How To Play

The stacks above are called foundation stacks, and accept cards in ascending
order by suit (starting with Aces). The stacks below are called layout stacks.
You must stack the cards in the layout stacks in descending order by suit.
For example, you can stack a 4 of hearts on top of a 5 of hearts. You can
take a card from the middle of a layout stack and move it to another
stack - it will take all cards below it as you go though! If there is an
empty layout stack, you can move a king into that position. When you can,
move cards from the layout stacks to the foundation stacks. You'll get 10
points every time you do this.

Moving Cards

To move a card, simply double tap on it. If there is a place for it to go,
Railroad will move it to the right spot immediately. Or if you prefer, tap on
the card, then tap on the destination. Occasionally a stack will grow below
the bottom of the screen. In this case, a scroll bar will appear. You can use
the scrollbar to scroll the layout stacks or simply use the up and down
buttons on your Palm.

Dealing the Cards

When there are no more moves, the screen will flash. You know then it is
time to redeal. To deal the cards, select the menu item for Deal. For a
shortcut, you can tap on the score to redeal. If you are fed up with your
score and want to start fresh, select Reset Score from the menu.

Stats!

Railroad keeps statistics on your games from the Stats... command. It keeps
two groups of stats: overall stats, and stats since the last Reset Score.

Difficulty

With the Difficulty command you can select the dealing technique. Normal
mode is totally random deals, and easy mode is friendly deals!

Good luck and enjoy playing Railroad Solitaire!